foreign
[Music]
[Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music]
welcome back to Lady Babylon it's good to see you again tonight we're going to have a very productive evening I'm going
to send you to Eternity we're also going to talk some details
some details of some things that are coming from our investigation
we were in for some good news yes we're in for some good news
the uh well I won't get to it until we roll the clip
[Music]
foreign yes it turns down the
pole Lords have handed down a what she would call a grand jury indictment yes
of the Son of God yes they have they have they've handed it down so now
remember we are outside of time right we're talking about bringing the future
and the past together and compressing them do you know what kind of physics it
takes to compress the future and the past into the present
that is a chronic trick yeah it takes a lot of skill tonight
we're going to look at this process we're going to go to Eternity but
we have some a prison transfer to deal with first we have yet another
member who will be joining our population our prison and it is our duty
as guardians of this
a place of incarceration it's our duty uh
to uh put the hurt on these so yeah the Watchers are watching and
understand what's going on we've got yet another incarceration who's next on the list
Chewie bring us bring us the clip we've made a clip for you tonight
foreign [Music]
[Music]
thank you [Music]
young young people must be immense concern [Music]
to all who have public responsibilities my pastoral visits to the church in
every part of the world I have been deeply moved by the almost
Universal conditions of Devi party in which young people grow
up and live [Music]
thank you now the current pope
has come out to denounce any sort of implication
that the great previous Pope who is a saint
we don't want to look at what he's done but
if that Exorcist that Chief Exorcist it always comes down why does the history always
come down to the necromancers it's really funny that Chief Exorcist
was right and this was a way Emmanuela was just a
way for the for the great father
to procure another girl yeah
it's quite a right they have tape recording they have tape recordings right this is
not big deal right Netflix running a series on it it's such a big
deal yeah so here we go we get another one but I
rest assured all of my Evangelical and Catholic visitors
rest assured that your willingness to embrace
these people is not odd despite their hideous actions
for your lord himself screamed in the air when he was arrested
in a public park that he wasn't a child trafficker he
screamed it not child trafficker what are you coming out with big guns
yeah so it only makes sense that you would Embrace this tradition
welcome to prison [Music] welcome to prison
your punishment is to face your reality
yeah so suck my tongue yeah love it love it okay lock that guy
up I don't care what his shirt says I don't care if he's got an st in front of it lock him up this is the devil's
throne love it it's good to see everybody not here again but I know that
you're there and tonight I want to take us to some oh we're gonna set the ship for the 15th
and we're gonna fall into a time and a place where
I'm gonna take us to a pagan Kingdom of pagan Kingdom it's guarded
it's guarded by a guy who's part of the order of the Dragon yeah yes you know
what I'm talking about he had a poet friend who fought
with him and from that poet's pen
comes all from beginning to end
we're talking about marulas Mike I call him Mike is writing this amazing
amazing orphic poetry
neoclassical Latin cult poetry
he's got the Medusa staring you in the face using the very same terminology
that we've been following this whole time so where do I want to take you through the 15th century
I'm gonna catch this is just the way time and space works I'm Gonna Catch
a river it's like a stream that pushes you accelerates you and I'm
gonna get us back to the Bronze Age but I'm gonna do it through this window that
we've got and that window is provided to you by
the Pagan that stands between the monotheists
um fish watch the gestures watch the jesters fish it's the way the language
is spoken yeah he knows what I'm talking about yep
let's go now to Mike morulis and let's
pull up who are we going to be invoking we're going to be singing an invocation
warning to those of you don't like such things you should bill
now because this is the heart of demogorgon this is the heart of demogorgon this is
that Deep thing of Satan that we're bringing up tonight are you
ready okay put yourself in the place of the Pagan who fights the monotheists
yeah he's got Christian Army on one side Muslim Army on the other
yeah and they all want the same thing yeah yeah
so let's look at what what his poet says I'm going to read you a passage we don't
have we don't have the Latin for this
I'm gonna put on my glasses this is the this is the uh yeah no that's coming up
we're coming up I'm building up to bring you to that inner chamber I want to show
you itanitas I want to show you who she is but in order to get to that Bronze
Age religion we have to go through the celestials
you say what yeah yeah yeah the celestials we are back
looking at the sun we are back looking at the sun
do you know when the saturnian age emerges
it emerges when the sun is put into eclipse
it's the one time that saturnian forces
can be free yes love it love it I'm going to bring
you the words of the celestials yeah listen oh holy Court of the Blessed in
heaven who possesses the sacred precincts of Olympus and steadfast for
all eternity revolve around the bright dwelling of Jupiter on a nine circled
wheel wait a minute oh I'm sorry this is going to get complicated
right I lose it right around the physics that's when I lose it so just hang in there with the analogies right the math
will get you every time uh you've got to have a knowledge of
what's up inspiring Awe by your radiant visages
radiant cheeks your radiant locks and clothing is a cloud that reflects the
Rays of the round fiery globe of the sun lamp of the day and when leaving her
cold bed Aurora glows at the approach of the new day do
you see where we came setting wise I took you right to Dawn we went right to Dawn why did we do that
because we're in a cult following Dracula and Dracula goes right to Dawn
let those who have ears here Aurora glows at the approach of the new
day each time she awakens the weary hearts of Mortals to return to their labors
which a short time ago found relief in sweet Repose free of care
listen to us blessed image of good Palace wait who Palace
Palace Athena yes on top of the hill
remember her who nourishes the snake
blessed Temple of Palace a guide to those who have followed in your footsteps as far as possible and free us
from our chains and from the heavy burden that oppresses us weak Grace that
we are transcending the confines of our base servitude you Traverse the heights
of Heaven
with a masculine firmness yes that's her right that's the Virgin
on the hill Oh you mean these guys who were in the service of Dracula
right that's what they call them right because his father was the drug cool right he was the Draco dracon
in the Latin right right through the Greek oh God it's delicious
it's ethereal your courage never failing and now
taking pity on laborers and kingdoms here below doomed soon to fall like
Atlas you sustain the ponderous weight of the
tottering ruins at other times you Rouse the indolent with countless secret rights since you
are free of all Envy do you hear the call do you hear the call
of the Virgin on the Acropolis
she who nourishes the snake
yes at other times you Rouse the indolent
with countless secret rights since you are free of all envy and you remove Minds enclosed in their dark prisons
from the stigma of impiety in your great kindness you rescue the ship already at
the mercy of raging Tempest come come here
blessed and most holy purification of heavenly beings and of men
so what what are we doing we're setting we're using that hymn to set up where we
are in the investigation right the polars came down it turns out there's
enough to in diet there's enough to explain why he's there for those of you who are following the
mystery of the mystery fish that includes
Dragon tongue for those of you who are following it we
come to a very special place I'm about to take you into the cave right we stand at the entrance of the
cave of Eternity
those rights that everybody are calling mystery those riots come from this cave and that
cave is guarded by a dragon [Music]
the hymn to Eternity I'll pull up the Latin just let you let's just let some
of this slide off if suddenly he walked away
we quality
give me create in me
your voice and provide to me
eternity your Unbreakable plectrum
your plectrum is the thing that you play your instrument with right wait what we're invoking a goddess okay
I see what we're doing what how we're bringing the image and we're doing it through the plectrum
it's nice do all of this while you are celebrated
in song why else would you
invoke The Muse right yes and be present for my daring
actions oh Queen of the vast I woman
Queen of the ion you and I have been looking at the ion do you remember that there was a fellow
who told you he'd give you the life of the ion he could give you ionic life you
you you through your Latin trickery
thought he said I turnitas he didn't he didn't
he said ionic this is the life of the ion this is what we have to offer
look into the cave see her sitting there
you who hold The Shining temples of The Ether
you who shall hold The Shining temples of The Ether again if you're not
following the physics don't worry stick with the analog
you who hold the Lucid temples of The Ether
and those deep corners
that have been brought to perfection oh most perfect
Augusta what is Augusta he calls her Augusta
right you say wait a minute strike two strike two I smell Romans
smell Romans around here Romans and Etruscan you all can always smell that Etruscan
uh from 30 feet away right those Etruscans they
wear that stuff and it you know gives off a very distinct very distinct odor
yes it does you can always tell when they're around here they are somebody
wanted odors is that is that a good odor for you fantastic you smell them the Romans as
soon as you start as soon as you start worshiping Augusta
you are square you are square on that boot Square
love it love it love it love it
she's Augusta yeah with your peace
right you're establishing all things you who are bayata
most fortunate oh it's fortunate yes
whom youth follows youth Uinta wait a
minute strike three there we are we have a giant Triad we have a trinity
we have a group of three divinities wow look at that in an invocation and a
pagan invocation from the 15th that's marvelous
those guys always miss it I'll give them credit look we got to
give credit where credit is due and those German philologists in the 30s
we're putting together all attacks Leipzig that group you guys were great you were
crack you were crack but because you didn't have that Victorian Edge you just it
didn't have they couldn't hold a candle those victorians to you guys
in the realm of grammar and syntax but when it came to defining a word
it just wasn't there on the German side
not occurring is screaming hey there's this secret language yes right that's what
we bring is eternity who is she
is that Regina the Regina of that great ion
you say wait a minute that's above everything yes outside of
everything is that great Queen
how do you cure a Nazi you cure him with the great mother
isn't that amazing we sit and we talk about things like artificial
intelligence artificial intelligence not realizing
that everything is bound by eternity and she
she is that great mother that great mother fantastic it's gorgeous
youth youth is her constant companion along with
virtue and both of these daughters yes both of these assistants
come help help me to make the drugs help me right where are my scythian Maids
Where My scythian Maids did I bring up Eros did I bring up Eros
right he's the one who you're going to see from within the
cave he is that lightning that fills that cave that she is waving this is
um the Gnostic informant will be able to identify her now as next right exactly I tyranny Thomas
you're finding the first oracular way the very first mystery comes through her
yes I can give you some still in Minds I have six minutes I can give you some
stolen lines and I can show you
her all-encompassing
foreign
just really quick in our last few minutes here the devil's going to cut me off by the way for project Medusa I need
to see at the the order tonight I need to see
um our chief bio engineer I need him to report on Project Medusa please if you
can do that I know it's last minute but we need to bring this you know secret stuff in good fantastic
um yes I want to take you to the second should we call up that second bit of Latin
yeah and I just want you to see some of the
um some of the way that we picture her that the dragon is able to bring eternity
right for example through the hand of Uinta
what is the hand of Youth covered with I mentioned this goddess he thought you know unless you were an
Evangelical atheist right because the remember the monotheists are all atheists right that's what they are
um they don't believe in a goddess called Justice right that's just the way it is
um but uwenta who is this Roman divinity
what are what are her hands one of her hands covered with just go to verse 9.
Mike can you bring up thanks look at verse 9.
yeah what does she do she assists in the banquets
right in the Banquets she assists in those holy Divine Banquets preparing
that table and what does she do she pours out in fundra
her youthly nectar for prayer Manu
from a purple hand from my hand stained with the properium
what was that yeah no they've got that with a hand full of what we are bringing
in the right when Mary is offered when she's 12 and she's offered after having
been fed in the holiest of holies
her stain is purple yeah
yeah I turnitas I turnitas
virtue establishes the borders oh here this is the last uh can we throw this in
yes we have time it's it all has to do with with stereoscopy and you know
some some quantum physics that I'm not sure that I want to even start to try to
understand but I wanted to take you to
um her bending on line 26 see where it says
inclusive fidelity oh my God what is she doing okay here's your look in the cave are
you ready here's your look in the cave she is bending back
the variations of the ion
she's one she is bending back the various possibilities of the ions
mixing things future with things past
creating a present that is
faithful oh God
yeah yeah think about that think about that for a minute what are the physics
going on there in that cave what exactly is she doing what exactly is she doing and how do we
how do we activate that mystery that's what they're all interested in finding
right it's what they all want
they want that Medusa to the guys who couldn't get there
because they went wrong they didn't pay attention to Bull or Lawton to the guys who couldn't get there
because they took a wrong direction the Aryan Queen
just so you know because you don't the Aryan Queen
is a woman [Music] we changed our names
to match hers we shave our heads
to match hers welcome to iternitas
[Music]
[Applause] [Music]
and ask questions